update dimension links of instance to remove /v1 (#15)
ONSdigital/dp-data-tools: mongo-fixes/update-dimension-links/README.md

update-dimension-links
==================

> This script is to update the dimensions URLs in each instances to be unversioned (to not contain /v1) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This program updates dimension URLs in the `instances` collection -  removing any versioning (i.e. `/v1/` substring) 
```
